---
title: the 11ty move
date: 2020-02-17T13:49:03-05:00
permalink: /journal/11ty/
---
The last time I moved platforms was to make everything simple; I thought that is what I wanted. I was wrong, and I can admit it. Yes, I like the idea of having a basic where I didn't need to worry about how the site looked across different platforms and screen sizes. Yet that is the only part of having a basic theme that I enjoyed, well that and having a more polished look. I suppose in retrospect I just wasn't enjoying the tools I was using before making the move.

The last time I was happy with the tools I was using was back when I was using [MiddleMan][mm]. I moved away from MiddleMan because the next major version broke some functionality I was relaying on, the Ruby tooling starting to feel dated, and mostly a lot of interesting javascript projects start to crop up. All of that would require a significant amount of time and create new edge cases.

With each move I've made I've add technical debt which has lead to data fragmentation. I would like to clean up some of that debt and organize my data. My learning goals for this project are rather simple.

Going forward for the date I will use:

    date --rfc-3339=ns | sed 's/ /T/'

    :r !date --rfc-3339=ns | sed 's/ /T/'


When using Hugo I was heavily reliant on submodules. This time around the plan is to use [git-subrepo][git-subrepo]. I am still trying to figure out the proper work flow. What I currenly think is the proper way to to push changes for a submodule upstream is by:

    git subrepo push <sub repo>

If changes have been made outside of the project and I need to update those changes I would need to run:

    git subrepo pull <sub repo>


[mm]: https://middlemanapp.com/
[git-subrepo]: https://github.com/ingydotnet/git-subrepo

