---
title: Migrating
subtitle: to 11ty
date: 2020-03-30T21:59:57.054804516-04:00
---
Once again I'm on the move; this time to [11ty][11ty]. The last time I moved platforms was to make everything simple, pick a well supported theme and call it a day; I thought that is what I wanted, I admit -- I was wrong. I did enjoy having theme with more polish, despite that the look of a site, is very much an expression of an individual. I realized giving that up is taking away a creative outlet. To be creative you must enjoy the tools you use; In retrospect I wasn't enjoying the tools I had assembled before moving to Hugo. I did not enjoy the tooling around Hugo either.

The last time I was happy with the tools was with [MiddleMan][mm]. I moved away from MiddleMan because the next major version broke some functionality I was relaying on. Additionally the Ruby tooling starting to feel dated and a new adventure seemed to be around the coroner as interesting javascript projects start to crop up.

Each project has new goals, one of the main gaols of last move was to seperate the domain from myself; the TLD became generic landing page while utilizing a subdomain for the classical personal website. This time around I wanted to unify the abstraction by keeping the root of the domain netural canvas to wrap interesting bits in. With each move I've add technical debt which has lead to data fragmentation. I would like to clean up some of that debt and organize my data. My learning goals for this project are rather simple, use vim.

I am adding on a new edition/collection to the site [Learning Journal][journal], the idea of the learning journal is to have a place to collected notes and ideas they are more fluid and change over time. While an entry into [weblog][weblog], like a permalink is static and shouldn't change. I have started a journal entry on my 11ty move and a good portion of this post came from thoughts and ideas initial in the [11ty journal][j11].

[11ty]: http://11ty.dev/
[mm]: https://middlemanapp.com/
[weblog]: /weblog/
[backlog]: /backlog/
[journal]: /journal/
[j11]: /journal/11ty/
